# Capstone
#Proposal 
This	paper aims to provide a general description about the predictor and music recommending system. this capstone project is basically separated into two parts, which is music recommending system and song popularity predictor. To explain, the song-popularity-predictor works by providing   users a predication whether or not  specific song will be popular . On the other hand, recommender music system will provide  users with the best matching music depending on their preferences and taste. The project stakeholders those with interests in this project's outcome are general public, musicians ,and music lovers. The project starts by scraping the database from billboard website in order to get the top 100 music for the predictor system via“ http://millionsongdataset.com/pages/getting-dataset/#subset `.Furthermore, challenges and obstacles occurs in any project, some of the challenges faced in this project are the dataset size is 1.9GB, which is considered to be huge, especially for feature engineering and cleaning. The database contained 10,000 songs in HDF5 format, which is another challenge for the team members to convert it because of their limited knowledge. Besides, dataset was converted, organized to csv. format to be ready for pandas dataframe. Moreover, Feature engineering is another dilemma where we trying as a group to determine features that is going to be used in the project models. It is significant stage to the project and team seem to handle  this situation professionally. In addition, this project can be done with given time, and meets the requirements of the capstone project.
